doc/fixed-point-arguments: add an example of wrapping with transformDrv and miscelaneous fixes (#537881)
NixOS/nixpkgs: doc/build-helpers/fixed-point-arguments.chapter.md

`stdenv.mkDerivation` also accepts a [fixed-point function](#function-library-lib.fixedPoints.fix) instead of a plain attribute set:

```nix
{

>   stdetv,

Reviewer: typo ?

Author: Yes.

Author: Addressed.

```nix
lib.customisation.extendMkDerivation { transformDrv = drv: /...; }
```

> For example, `buildPythonPackage` uses `lib.extendMkDerivation`'s `transformDrv` to apply `toPythonModule` to the result derivation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`buildPythonPackage` uses `lib.extendMkDerivation`'s `transformDrv` to apply `toPythonModule` to the result derivation.
```

But why? What is the problem it solves?

Reviewer: I think we can remove this introductory sentence entirely

Author: Addressed.

> Another classic scenario of using `transformDrv` is when a build helper constructs an inner derivation using the arguments it takes and then builds a wrapper derivation around it:

Reviewer: State what the user will do, then what is special about it.

For example in two sentences:

```suggestion
Construct a wrapper derivation around another derivation using `transformDrv`

The wrapper has access to the original arguments
```

Small and digestible, a new terms (`transformDrv`) at the end of the sentence or only after the example introduced them. So readers don't feel overwhelmed upfront or struggle reading a term they dont know yet.

:::{.example #ex-build-helpers-extendMkDerivation-transformDrv-wrapper}

> # Example `fetchConfiguredExample` using `lib.extendMkDerivation`'s `transformDrv` to wrap the constructed FOD

Reviewer: Something non-technical like

```suggestion
# Define a custom buildHelper that downloads and builds
```

Avoid terms like `fetchConfiguredExample` `lib.extendMkDerivation` `transformDrv` `FOD` in headings.
Assume the user doesn't know them. They are just noise in the title.

Reviewer: Also feel free to explain in 1 or 2 simple sentences what happens in the example. **After** the example.

After the example you can reference the terms, since the example uses them and they are not aliens anymore.

```nix
{
  lib,
  stdenvNoCC,
  cacert,
  configure-example,
  download-example,
}:

lib.extendMkDerivation {
  constructDrv = stdenvNoCC.mkDerivation;

  excludeDrvArgNames = [
    "bar"
  ];

>   extendDrvArgs =

Reviewer: Can we find a realistic & working example that is a minimal fetcher FOD?

Author: resholve-utils is currently the only one that uses this pattern in Nixpkgs.
The experience working with the resholve people is one of the motivation behind adding this example -- it is not immediately apparent that we can use `transformDrv` like this, and people would try very hard hacking `constructDrv` to achieve similar results.

`fetchCargoVendor` is one of the fetchers who has a wrapper, which suits this pattern. Still, the change hasn't landed yet. (PR #538272 )
